I'm making a friend with God.
Yeah, I don't know how to do that.
Make a friend, but you've done fine with me.
But I can see you.
But God, a friend?
Seriously?
How about what you can see?
What does creation teach us about him?
Hmm.
Not much.
Maybe evolve or your species dies?
It doesn't really help.
Well, I'm not talking about evolution.
I'm talking about the things that God created.
You don't suppose he's got a little workshop up there
building things one at a time, do you?
In the real world, things evolve.
It's all random.
I don't know what that tells me about him.
I wasn't ready for this.
Evolution isn't my strong suit.
I need help.
This could be good.
Many who believe evolution.
Ancient tidal pool chemicals spontaneously assembled.
Too deep.
Wait.
Maybe what does the evidence reveal?
For a cell to survive DNA, RNA,
inanimate chemicals.
Probability.
I'm not sure this is what she needs.
Her real issue was getting to know someone she can't see.
That's the best place to begin.
One widespread false teaching.
Rob's people of hope implies that human life has no purpose.
This could be it.
Establish the positive.
What creation really says about Jehovah.
Versus whatever evolution obscures.
Okay, so you got me thinking.
And I did some research.
Yeah.
And I think you really like what I found.
Okay.
Come on, come sit down.